c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\TDCIDWebService.dll.config
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\TDCIDWebService.dll
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\TDCIDWebService.pdb
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\Microsoft.Diagnostics.Tracing.EventSource.dll
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\System.IO.dll
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\System.Runtime.dll
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\Microsoft.Diagnostics.Tracing.EventSource.xml
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\System.IO.xml
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\System.Runtime.xml
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\obj\Release\TDCIDWebService.csproj.App.config
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\obj\Release\TDCIDWebService.dll
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\obj\Release\TDCIDWebService.pdb
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\obj\Release\TDCIDWebService.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
c:\users\swakil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TDCIDWebService\TDCIDWebService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\bin\TDCIDWebService.dll.config
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\bin\TDCIDWebService.dll
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\bin\TDCIDWebService.pdb
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\bin\Microsoft.Diagnostics.Tracing.EventSource.dll
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\bin\System.IO.dll
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\bin\System.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\bin\Microsoft.Diagnostics.Tracing.EventSource.xml
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\bin\System.IO.xml
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\bin\System.Runtime.xml
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.xml
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\obj\Release\TDCIDWebService.csproj.App.config
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\obj\Release\TDCIDWebService.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\obj\Release\TDCIDWebService.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\obj\Release\TDCIDWebService.dll
C:\Users\Adminstrator\Documents\Apps\TDCIDWebService\obj\Release\TDCIDWebService.pdb
